hi I'm Allison today we're going to make
Tuscany green I have my sample pack and
all my material so let's get started
okay so we have our Thai silk liner here
we have our envelope we have our score
sheet here and we have a printed card so
what we're going to do first is we're
going to take our score and cheat here
we're just going to place it over our
printed card now you just need am a
ruler out of bone folder to do this so
we're just going to place the road and
up against the dotted line here register
on together and build folder here and
run it along here few times we also have
a scoring service at aintree
just repeat the same staff on the other
side okay so when we film that then
we're just going to fold our card over
just be as a bone folder down just to
flatten the base okay so the next FM is
just to take our rhythm and turn your
imitation over so you're gonna sleep on
it you're gonna pay the ribbon onto the
back here what you want a position is
just kind of a little bit higher than
the halfway point take my glue so it's
just a small that a glow that you need
for this
straighten out your ribbon then and just
put on the back all you have to do then
is Tyra boat so when you're tying the
bow you just want to make the create the
loop and point it away from your body
here take this piece bring around down
and true believe that you crave it just
pull it tight now just fix the bar
whatever way you want okay you're just
go take my scissors I'm just going to
cut the ribbon at an angle
okay so that's the invitation them hello
what we're going to do is we're just
going to show you how to put in the
liner here so take your envelope and you
take your liner and just pop it in there
no we're going to do is just fold it
over it's just putting the crease into
the Thai silk first let me take a piece
of scrap paper and I'll just pop that
they're just while we run some and print
stick over you don't it to go onto the
Ambo itself it's just important to
really make sure that you get the edges
on this just make sure that it's still
positioned correctly
and I just felt it in there we have
Tuscany green it's a very beautiful
invitation and the envelope liner just
gives us something a little bit special